content/_index.md, before:

---
# Leave the homepage title empty to use the site title
title:
date: 2022-10-24
type: landing

sections:
  # - block: hero
  #   content:
  #     title: Hugo Academic Theme
  #     image:
  #       filename: hero-academic.png
  #     cta:
  #       label: '**Get Started**'
  #       url: https://wowchemy.com/templates/
  #     cta_alt:
  #       label: Ask a question
  #       url: https://discord.gg/z8wNYzb
  #     cta_note:
  #       label: >-
  #         <div style="text-shadow: none;"><a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/wowchemy/wowchemy-hugo-themes" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star">Star Wowchemy Website Builder</a></div><div style="text-shadow: none;"><a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/wowchemy/starter-hugo-academic" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star">Star the Academic template</a></div>
  #     text: |-
  #       **Generated by Wowchemy - the FREE, Hugo-based open source website builder trusted by 500,000+ sites.**

  #       **Easily build anything with blocks - no-code required!**

  #       From landing pages, second brains, and courses to academic resumés, conferences, and tech blogs.

  #       <!--Custom spacing-->
  #       <div class="mb-3"></div>
  #       <!--GitHub Button JS-->
  #       <script async defer src="https://buttons.github.io/buttons.js"></script>
  #   design:
  #     background:
  #       gradient_end: '#1976d2'
  #       gradient_start: '#004ba0'
  #       text_color_light: true
  - block: about.biography
    id: about
    content:
      title: Biography
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      username: admin
  # - block: features
  #   content:
  #     title: Skills
  #     items:
  #       - name: R
  #         description: 90%
  #         icon: r-project
  #         icon_pack: fab
  #       - name: Statistics
  #         description: 100%
  #         icon: chart-line
  #         icon_pack: fas
  #       - name: Photography
  #         description: 10%
  #         icon: camera-retro
  #         icon_pack: fas
  - block: experience
    id: experience
    content:
      title: Experience
      # Date format for experience
      #   Refer to https://wowchemy.com/docs/customization/#date-format
      date_format: Jan 2006
      # Experiences.
      #   Add/remove as many `experience` items below as you like.
      #   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
      #   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
      #   Begin multi-line descriptions with YAML's `|2-` multi-line prefix.
      items:
        - title: Ph.D. Student
          company: Linköping University
          company_url: 'https://liu.se/en'
          company_logo: 
          location: Linköping, Sweden
          date_start: '2020-04-01'
          date_end: ''
          description: |2-
              Department of Computer and Information Science (IDA)
              
              Responsibilities include:
            
              * Research
              * Supervising Master's Thesis Students
              * Conducting Labs
        - title: Lecturer
          company: Institute of Science Trade & Technology (ISTT)
          company_url: 'https://istt.edu.bd/'
          company_logo: 
          location: Dhaka, Bangladesh
          date_start: '2017-07-05'
          date_end: '2020-02-28'
          description: |2-
              Department of Computer Science & Engineering (CSE)
              
              Responsibilities include:
              
              * Conducting Class & Labs
              * Research
              * Supervising Research Students
    design:
      columns: '2'
  - block: accomplishments
    id: accomplishments
    content:
      # Note: `&shy;` is used to add a 'soft' hyphen in a long heading.
      title: 'Accomplish&shy;ments'
      subtitle:
      # Date format: https://wowchemy.com/docs/customization/#date-format
      date_format: Jan 2006
      # Accomplishments.
      #   Add/remove as many `item` blocks below as you like.
      #   `title`, `organization`, and `date_start` are the required parameters.
      #   Leave other parameters empty if not required.
      #   Begin multi-line descriptions with YAML's `|2-` multi-line prefix.
      items:
        - certificate_url: https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/L6V45W4LPH63
          date_end: ""
          date_start: "2019-04-01"
          description: ""
          organization: Coursera
          organization_url: https://www.coursera.org
          title: Improving Deep Neural Networks - Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization
          url: https://www.coursera.org/learn/deep-neural-network
        - certificate_url: https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/JLEU9KMKE8JQ
          date_end: ""
          date_start: "2019-05-01"
          description: ""
          organization: Coursera
          organization_url: https://www.coursera.org
          title: Sequence Models
          url: https://www.coursera.org/learn/nlp-sequence-models
        - certificate_url: https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/WYLEBCEMJBMT
          date_end: ""
          date_start: "2019-06-01"
          description: ""
          organization: Coursera
          organization_url: https://www.coursera.org
          title: Convolutional Neural Networks
          url: https://www.coursera.org/learn/convolutional-neural-networks
        - certificate_url: https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/XYEP45ANG472
          date_end: ""
          date_start: "2019-12-01"
          description: ""
          organization: Coursera
          organization_url: https://www.coursera.org
          title: Convolutional Neural Networks in TensorFlow
          url: https://www.coursera.org/learn/convolutional-neural-networks-tensorflow
    design:
      columns: '2'
  # - block: portfolio
  #   id: projects
  #   content:
  #     title: Projects
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - project
  #     # Default filter index (e.g. 0 corresponds to the first `filter_button` instance below).
  #     default_button_index: 0
  #     # Filter toolbar (optional).
  #     # Add or remove as many filters (`filter_button` instances) as you like.
  #     # To show all items, set `tag` to "*".
  #     # To filter by a specific tag, set `tag` to an existing tag name.
  #     # To remove the toolbar, delete the entire `filter_button` block.
  #     buttons:
  #       - name: All
  #         tag: '*'
  #       - name: Deep Learning
  #         tag: Deep Learning
  #       - name: Other
  #         tag: Demo
  #   design:
  #     # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: '1' or '2'.
  #     columns: '1'
  #     view: showcase
  #     # For Showcase view, flip alternate rows?
  #     flip_alt_rows: false
  - block: collection
    id: featured
    content:
      title: Featured Publications
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        featured_only: true
    design:
      columns: '2'
      view: card
  - block: collection
    content:
      title: Recent Publications
      text: 
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        exclude_featured: true
    design:
      columns: '2'
      view: citation

  - block: collection
    id: posts
    content:
      title: Recent Posts
      subtitle: ''
      text: ''
      # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
      count: 3
      # Filter on criteria
      filters:
        folders:
          - post
        author: ""
        category: ""
        tag: ""
        exclude_featured: false
        exclude_future: false
        exclude_past: false
        publication_type: ""
      # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
      offset: 0
      # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
      order: desc
    design:
      # Choose a layout view
      view: compact
      columns: '2'
  # - block: collection
  #   id: achievements
  #   content:
  #     title: Achievements
  #     subtitle: 
  #     text: |-
  #       Hello world!
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  # - block: collection
  #   id: talks
  #   content:
  #     title: Recent & Upcoming Talks
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - event
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  #     view: compact
  # - block: tag_cloud
  #   content:
  #     title: Popular Topics
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  - block: markdown
    id: achievements
    content:
      title: Achievements
      subtitle: 
      text: |-
        - **Finalist**, Student Project Competition, Linköping Hockey Analytics Conference (LINHAC) 2022, 2022
        - NVIDIA GPU Grant, NVIDIA, 2018
        - **Champion**, NASA Space Apps Challenge 2016, Rajshahi Region, Bangladesh, 2016
        - **Best Young Inventor**, Digital Innovation Fair 2016, 2016
        - **Champion**, Project Showcasing(Mobile Apps), CSE IT Carnival 2015, BSMRSTU, 2015
        - **Champion**, International Contest on Programming & System Development (ICPSD) 2014, System Development Section, 2014
    design:
      # See Page Builder docs for all section customization options.
      # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: '1' or '2'.
      columns: '2'
  - block: markdown
    id: gallery
    content:
      title: My Hobby
      subtitle: 'Astrophotography & Nature Photography'
      text: |-
        {{< gallery album="demo2" >}}
    design:
      columns: '1'
  - block: contact
    id: contact
    content:
      title: Contact
      subtitle:
      # text: |-
      #   Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nam mi diam, venenatis ut magna et, vehicula efficitur enim.
      # Contact (add or remove contact options as necessary)
      email: fahimsikder01@gmail.com
      address:
        street: Room - 2F:488, Building - E Huset, Linköping University
        city: Linköping
        region: 
        postcode: '58183'
        country: Sweden
        country_code: SE
      coordinates:
        latitude: '58.397965'
        longitude: '15.575253'
      contact_links:
        - icon: skype
          icon_pack: fab
          name: fahim-sikder
          link: ''
        - icon: twitter
          icon_pack: fab
          name: fahimsikder01
          link: 'https://twitter.com/fahimsikder01'
      # phone: 888 888 88 88
      # Automatically link email and phone or display as text?
      autolink: true
      # Email form provider
      # form:
      #   provider: netlify
      #   formspree:
      #     id:
      #   netlify:
      #     # Enable CAPTCHA challenge to reduce spam?
      #     captcha: false
    design:
      columns: '2'
---

Commit message:

added new award: call to arms

content/_index.md, after:

---
# Leave the homepage title empty to use the site title
title:
date: 2022-10-24
type: landing

sections:
  # - block: hero
  #   content:
  #     title: Hugo Academic Theme
  #     image:
  #       filename: hero-academic.png
  #     cta:
  #       label: '**Get Started**'
  #       url: https://wowchemy.com/templates/
  #     cta_alt:
  #       label: Ask a question
  #       url: https://discord.gg/z8wNYzb
  #     cta_note:
  #       label: >-
  #         <div style="text-shadow: none;"><a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/wowchemy/wowchemy-hugo-themes" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star">Star Wowchemy Website Builder</a></div><div style="text-shadow: none;"><a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/wowchemy/starter-hugo-academic" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star">Star the Academic template</a></div>
  #     text: |-
  #       **Generated by Wowchemy - the FREE, Hugo-based open source website builder trusted by 500,000+ sites.**

  #       **Easily build anything with blocks - no-code required!**

  #       From landing pages, second brains, and courses to academic resumés, conferences, and tech blogs.

  #       <!--Custom spacing-->
  #       <div class="mb-3"></div>
  #       <!--GitHub Button JS-->
  #       <script async defer src="https://buttons.github.io/buttons.js"></script>
  #   design:
  #     background:
  #       gradient_end: '#1976d2'
  #       gradient_start: '#004ba0'
  #       text_color_light: true
  - block: about.biography
    id: about
    content:
      title: Biography
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      username: admin
  # - block: features
  #   content:
  #     title: Skills
  #     items:
  #       - name: R
  #         description: 90%
  #         icon: r-project
  #         icon_pack: fab
  #       - name: Statistics
  #         description: 100%
  #         icon: chart-line
  #         icon_pack: fas
  #       - name: Photography
  #         description: 10%
  #         icon: camera-retro
  #         icon_pack: fas
  - block: experience
    id: experience
    content:
      title: Experience
      # Date format for experience
      #   Refer to https://wowchemy.com/docs/customization/#date-format
      date_format: Jan 2006
      # Experiences.
      #   Add/remove as many `experience` items below as you like.
      #   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
      #   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
      #   Begin multi-line descriptions with YAML's `|2-` multi-line prefix.
      items:
        - title: Ph.D. Student
          company: Linköping University
          company_url: 'https://liu.se/en'
          company_logo: 
          location: Linköping, Sweden
          date_start: '2020-04-01'
          date_end: ''
          description: |2-
              Department of Computer and Information Science (IDA)
              
              Responsibilities include:
            
              * Research
              * Supervising Master's Thesis Students
              * Conducting Labs
        - title: Lecturer
          company: Institute of Science Trade & Technology (ISTT)
          company_url: 'https://istt.edu.bd/'
          company_logo: 
          location: Dhaka, Bangladesh
          date_start: '2017-07-05'
          date_end: '2020-02-28'
          description: |2-
              Department of Computer Science & Engineering (CSE)
              
              Responsibilities include:
              
              * Conducting Class & Labs
              * Research
              * Supervising Research Students
    design:
      columns: '2'
  - block: accomplishments
    id: accomplishments
    content:
      # Note: `&shy;` is used to add a 'soft' hyphen in a long heading.
      title: 'Accomplish&shy;ments'
      subtitle:
      # Date format: https://wowchemy.com/docs/customization/#date-format
      date_format: Jan 2006
      # Accomplishments.
      #   Add/remove as many `item` blocks below as you like.
      #   `title`, `organization`, and `date_start` are the required parameters.
      #   Leave other parameters empty if not required.
      #   Begin multi-line descriptions with YAML's `|2-` multi-line prefix.
      items:
        - certificate_url: https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/L6V45W4LPH63
          date_end: ""
          date_start: "2019-04-01"
          description: ""
          organization: Coursera
          organization_url: https://www.coursera.org
          title: Improving Deep Neural Networks - Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization
          url: https://www.coursera.org/learn/deep-neural-network
        - certificate_url: https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/JLEU9KMKE8JQ
          date_end: ""
          date_start: "2019-05-01"
          description: ""
          organization: Coursera
          organization_url: https://www.coursera.org
          title: Sequence Models
          url: https://www.coursera.org/learn/nlp-sequence-models
        - certificate_url: https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/WYLEBCEMJBMT
          date_end: ""
          date_start: "2019-06-01"
          description: ""
          organization: Coursera
          organization_url: https://www.coursera.org
          title: Convolutional Neural Networks
          url: https://www.coursera.org/learn/convolutional-neural-networks
        - certificate_url: https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/XYEP45ANG472
          date_end: ""
          date_start: "2019-12-01"
          description: ""
          organization: Coursera
          organization_url: https://www.coursera.org
          title: Convolutional Neural Networks in TensorFlow
          url: https://www.coursera.org/learn/convolutional-neural-networks-tensorflow
    design:
      columns: '2'
  # - block: portfolio
  #   id: projects
  #   content:
  #     title: Projects
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - project
  #     # Default filter index (e.g. 0 corresponds to the first `filter_button` instance below).
  #     default_button_index: 0
  #     # Filter toolbar (optional).
  #     # Add or remove as many filters (`filter_button` instances) as you like.
  #     # To show all items, set `tag` to "*".
  #     # To filter by a specific tag, set `tag` to an existing tag name.
  #     # To remove the toolbar, delete the entire `filter_button` block.
  #     buttons:
  #       - name: All
  #         tag: '*'
  #       - name: Deep Learning
  #         tag: Deep Learning
  #       - name: Other
  #         tag: Demo
  #   design:
  #     # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: '1' or '2'.
  #     columns: '1'
  #     view: showcase
  #     # For Showcase view, flip alternate rows?
  #     flip_alt_rows: false
  - block: collection
    id: featured
    content:
      title: Featured Publications
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        featured_only: true
    design:
      columns: '2'
      view: card
  - block: collection
    content:
      title: Recent Publications
      text: 
      filters:
        folders:
          - publication
        exclude_featured: true
    design:
      columns: '2'
      view: citation

  - block: collection
    id: posts
    content:
      title: Recent Posts
      subtitle: ''
      text: ''
      # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
      count: 3
      # Filter on criteria
      filters:
        folders:
          - post
        author: ""
        category: ""
        tag: ""
        exclude_featured: false
        exclude_future: false
        exclude_past: false
        publication_type: ""
      # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
      offset: 0
      # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
      order: desc
    design:
      # Choose a layout view
      view: compact
      columns: '2'
  # - block: collection
  #   id: achievements
  #   content:
  #     title: Achievements
  #     subtitle: 
  #     text: |-
  #       Hello world!
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  # - block: collection
  #   id: talks
  #   content:
  #     title: Recent & Upcoming Talks
  #     filters:
  #       folders:
  #         - event
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  #     view: compact
  # - block: tag_cloud
  #   content:
  #     title: Popular Topics
  #   design:
  #     columns: '2'
  - block: markdown
    id: achievements
    content:
      title: Achievements
      subtitle: 
      text: |-
        - **Call to Arms Award (Reviewer)**, 26th European Conference on Artificial Intelligence (ECAI 2023), 2023
        - **Finalist**, Student Project Competition, Linköping Hockey Analytics Conference (LINHAC) 2022, 2022
        - NVIDIA GPU Grant, NVIDIA, 2018
        - **Champion**, NASA Space Apps Challenge 2016, Rajshahi Region, Bangladesh, 2016
        - **Best Young Inventor**, Digital Innovation Fair 2016, 2016
        - **Champion**, Project Showcasing(Mobile Apps), CSE IT Carnival 2015, BSMRSTU, 2015
        - **Champion**, International Contest on Programming & System Development (ICPSD) 2014, System Development Section, 2014
    design:
      # See Page Builder docs for all section customization options.
      # Choose how many columns the section has. Valid values: '1' or '2'.
      columns: '2'
  - block: markdown
    id: gallery
    content:
      title: My Hobby
      subtitle: 'Astrophotography & Nature Photography'
      text: |-
        {{< gallery album="demo2" >}}
    design:
      columns: '1'
  - block: contact
    id: contact
    content:
      title: Contact
      subtitle:
      # text: |-
      #   Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nam mi diam, venenatis ut magna et, vehicula efficitur enim.
      # Contact (add or remove contact options as necessary)
      email: fahimsikder01@gmail.com
      address:
        street: Room - 2F:488, Building - E Huset, Linköping University
        city: Linköping
        region: 
        postcode: '58183'
        country: Sweden
        country_code: SE
      coordinates:
        latitude: '58.397965'
        longitude: '15.575253'
      contact_links:
        - icon: skype
          icon_pack: fab
          name: fahim-sikder
          link: ''
        - icon: twitter
          icon_pack: fab
          name: fahimsikder01
          link: 'https://twitter.com/fahimsikder01'
      # phone: 888 888 88 88
      # Automatically link email and phone or display as text?
      autolink: true
      # Email form provider
      # form:
      #   provider: netlify
      #   formspree:
      #     id:
      #   netlify:
      #     # Enable CAPTCHA challenge to reduce spam?
      #     captcha: false
    design:
      columns: '2'
---
